Ntt evm minter clarification (#649)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: llms-files/llms-ntt.txt

        - `burn(uint256 amount)`
        - `mint(address account, uint256 amount)`

>         You’ll also need to set mint authority to the relevant `NttManager` contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You'll also need to set the mint authority to the relevant `NttManager` contract.
```
